[WEBHOOKS] List of adapters and supported frameworks (#560)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/guide/deployment-types.md

We therefore expect you to be able to start a simple web server with a framework of your choice.

Every grammY bot can be converted to middleware for a number of web frameworks, including `express`, `koa`/`oak`, and more.

> You can import the `webhookCallback` function ([API reference](https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts?s=webhookCallback)) from grammY to convert your bot to middleware for the respective framework.

Reviewer: I have this smol suggestion

```suggestion
You can import the `webhookCallback` function ([API reference](https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts?s=webhookCallback)) to create a middleware for the respective framework.
```

Be sure to read [Marvin's Marvellous Guide to All Things Webhook](https://core.telegram.org/bots/webhooks) written by the Telegram team if you consider running your bot on webhooks on a VPS.

> ### Web framework adapters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Web Framework Adapters
```
❤️

| Adapter          | Framework/API(s)                                              | Runtime |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `std/http`       | `Deno.serve`,`Deno.upgradeHttp`,`Fresh`,`Ultra`,`Rutt`,`Sift` | Both    |
| `oak`            | Oak                                                           | Both    |
| `express`        | Express                                                       | Both    |
| `koa`            | Koa                                                           | Both    |
| `fastify`        | Fastify                                                       | Both    |
| `serveHttp`      | `Deno.serveHttp`                                              | Deno    |
| `http` / `https` | Node.js `http` module, Vercel                                 | Node    |
| `aws-lambda`     | AWS Lambda Functions                                          | Node    |
| `azure`          | Azure Functions                                               | Node    |

> | `nextJs`         | Next.js                                                       | Node    |

Reviewer 2: Isn't it this?
```suggestion
| `next-js`        | Next.js                                                       | Node    |
```

Reviewer: I doubted that, too

In order to support many different web frameworks, grammY adopts the concept of **adapters**. Each adapter is responsible for relaying input and output from the web framework to grammY and vice versa. The second parameter passed to `webhookCallback` defines the framework adapter used to communicate with the web framework.

> Because of how this approach works, we usually need an adapter for each framework but, since some frameworks share a similiar interface, there are adapters that are known to work with multiple frameworks. Below you will find a table containing the existing adapters, the frameworks they're known to work with, and the platforms where they are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of how this approach works, we usually need an adapter for each framework but, since some frameworks share a similiar interface, there are adapters that are known to work with multiple frameworks.
Below is a table containing the currently available adapters, the frameworks they're known to work with, and the runtime(s) they are available on.
```

> | Adapter          | Frameworks                                                    | Platform |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Adapter          | Framework/API(s)                                                    | Runtime |
```

| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |

> | `std/http`       | `Deno.serve`,`Deno.upgradeHttp`,`Fresh`,`Ultra`,`Rutt`,`Sift` | Both     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `std/http`       | `Deno.serve`,`Deno.upgradeHttp`,`Fresh`,`Ultra`,`Rutt`,`Sift`, and more | Both     |
```

Author: I feel that'd require an asterisk and an explanation somewhere

Reviewer: Then just leave it as is.

> | `oak`            | `oak`                                                         | Both     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `oak`            | Oak                                                         | Both     |
```

| `express`        | Express                                                       | Both     |
| `koa`            | Koa                                                           | Both     |
| `fastify`        | Fastify                                                       | Both     |
| `serveHttp`      | `Deno.serveHttp`                                              | Deno     |
| `http` / `https` | Node.js `http` module, Vercel                                 | Node     |
| `aws-lambda`     | AWS Lambda functions                                          | Node     |
| `azure`          | Azure Functions                                               | Node     |
| `nextJs`         | Next.js                                                       | Node     |

> | `worktop`        | `worktop` framework for CloudFlare workers                    | Node     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `worktop`        | The `worktop` framework for Cloudflare workers                    | Node     |
```
